---
title: "Pine: Enabling Privacy-Preserving Deep Packet Inspection on TLS with Rule-Hiding and Fast Connection Establishment"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/NHP+20
excerpt: ''
date: 2020-09-12
venue: 'ESORICS'
#slidesurl: 'https://j7sz.github.io/files/PrivDPI_slide.pdf'
paperurl: 'https://j7sz.github.io/files/NHP+20.pdf'
citation: "Jianting Ning, Xinyi Huang, Geong Sen Poh, Shengmin Xu, <u>Jia-Ch'ng Loh</u>, Jian Weng, Robert H.Deng"
---

Transport Layer Security Inspection (TLSI) enables enterprises to decrypt, inspect and then re-encrypt users’ traffic before it is routed to the destination. This breaks the end-to-end security guarantee of the TLS specification and implementation. It also raises privacy concerns since users’ traffic is now known by the enterprises, and third-party middlebox providers providing the inspection services may additionally learn the inspection or attack rules, policies of the enterprises. Two recent works, BlindBox (SIGCOMM 2015) and PrivDPI (CCS 2019) propose privacy-preserving approaches that inspect encrypted traffic directly to address the privacy concern of users’ traffic. However, BlindBox incurs high preprocessing overhead during TLS connection establishment, and while PrivDPI reduces the overhead substantially, it is still notable compared to that of TLSI. Furthermore, the underlying assumption in both approaches is that the middlebox knows the rule sets. Nevertheless, with the services increasingly migrating to third-party cloud-based setting, rule privacy should be preserved. Also, both approaches are static in nature in the sense that addition of any rules requires significant amount of preprocessing and re-instantiation of the protocols.
